hear from some Palestinians who survived
those strikes to see another day a
warning though some of the images you're
about to see could be
distressing we were in the tent me and
all my family when the bullets all came
at us my father went to see what's
happening and said there were strikes
and a strike happened while he was
talking we all fled my father was
mared we were at home with the air
strikes were ongoing I told my mother
that I wanted to use the bathroom as she
was awake suddenly all the walls of the
bathroom and all the containers above it
collapsed on
me he was born one month and a half ago
and today he went back to God his father
is in intensive care at the European
hospital and his mother is wounded in
her leg and
hands terror terror so much Terror
something you've never seen not in
Hollywood or in the US not in Libya not
in Syria did something like this happen
only in Rafa they kept saying go to Rafa
go to Rafa and people came here then you
target
them well let's get the latest now from
our correspondent on the ground TK abaz
he joins me from Rafa T tell us what
you're seeing and hearing there what's
the situation like right
now well the situation uh was completely
critical to night as the overnight as
the Israeli military army had started a
clear attack on Rafa District in the far
south of the Gaza Strip now everyone
knows that Rafa district is the last
remaining area where more than 1.9
million Palestinians have been taking
refuge in and the attack had been very
organized as the Israeli forces had used
excessive fire power as it seems to be a
kind of a release of hostages operation
by the Israeli special forces inside the
heart beating areas of Rafa District
where they managed to release two uh
Israeli captives under under heavy
Israeli bombardment of residential
houses killing at least 60 uh
Palestinians uh within the past 24 hours
in Rafa District only and this is uh
this attack had contributed to to cause
a sheer damage in the majority of Rafa
areas including the Eastern the Central
and the western part of the uh district
and people were absolutely terrified
panicked they know where to go as we
have been seeing a lot of families are
running in in the middle of the streets
looking for a place to be away from the
Israeli bombardment and this is was
beyond comprehension no no one was able
to realize what is happening on the
ground because there was an excessive
use of Firepower and the sound of the
Israeli fighter jets and surveillance of
drones was completely overheard in the
region uh with a very high uh low
explosions that Shaking All residential
buildings in RAF District we have been
seeing today also more people are
wondering about if that will be repeated
tonight kind of more military attacks as
some families started to search for
another place in order to uh seek refuge
and and to be away from the Israeli
unrelenting bombardment that has been
fold unfolding uh Rafa District within
the past few hours and T we know as
we've been reporting that 1.4 million
people are there because Rafa was
supposed to be safe according to the
Israeli military this is really only the
beginning
well Palestinians after what they have
so have seen yesterday they they have
been completely concerned and worried
about the the potential military grounds
in cin and they uh completely believe
that it might be the beginning of a WID
scale attack that might be carried out
in Rafa in order to militarily eliminate
the military infrastructure for the
armed groups here and also for forcing
people to flee more to another area just
that to help the Israeli Army to have a
full military Mobility on the ground and
this is absolutely something terrifying
specifically that people do not know
where to go they have no homes they have
no hope in terms of being safe again
especially that today a lot of children
being wounded elderly people and women
also being killed due to that WID scale
attack that had been carried up people
Palestinians he being displaced multiple
times from the houses after following
the Israeli military orders to get away
from areas of operations but right now
the entire territory had been cramed
into Raa District the population more
than half of gaza's population are being
here and right now they have no any
other options uh to have specifically
that the Israeli Army did not provide
much details or a timeline for the
potential military incursion that might
take place at any moment and they are
afraid to have the same scenario that
happened yesterday of course T abom they
on the ground forest in Rafa in southern
Gaza thank you T and please stay safe